this is my buddy Eric from we played
football together it's a job and play
football he's the kind of guy you want
to have one and now we haven't seen each
other in like ten years
yep and he's doing big shit in New York
and decided to come down here cuz one of
his accounts was here and now we're
gonna make some workout videos but uh he
just dropped a bomb on me I didn't
realize ten years he didn't do anything
I did you gained a lot of weight last
time I saw you I was probably well
enough playing when I was probably 250
close to 16 that I dragged guys like me
like to 42 to 30s and then I was like
mid to 60 for 10 years there was a mid
to 16 I was like too close to 250 when I
was all juiced up and being really
strong man yeah I can imagine walking
around at 260 Wow and that's not
training it's just not doing anything
and then I really just kind of hit me
out of nowhere maybe at this point 3
years ago I was actually I got back into
putting football is playing some rough
like football
ok this feels good it feels good right
so I decided to go to the gym and my
philosophy was just I just want to give
him this way yeah what I did
I didn't care if I was doing a workout
with Jerry and do some cross mission or
probably I was out there Rob you know
swimming playing basketball if I'm going
to gym like I'm not running down like
how much weight I lifted I'm not
routine like I'm just like did I sweat
that's what more 10 that dates and or
what I enjoy just I don't care what I'm
doing each one which would be active
dude that's the way it is that's how we
train here like if you ever go to like a
bodybuilding gym or powerlifting gym or
just like a regular Fitness shit it's
all machines it's all unilateral stuff
you're all fixed in certain patterns so
like I love powerlifting but it's like
three movements really that's all you're
working on and bodybuilding same thing
everything's single joint for the most
part here it's just seriously like I was
saying about boys before it's just fuck
shit up shit we should probably do that
let's do that that's where we'll start
out with that would be a part of our
warmup
[Music]
in five days fast you can enroll you
don't all right
[Music]
hey boy you be proud coach will ran into
this I'm ready too much burning City
what is here and what it's easy like in
Saint John you what fun baking ah I can
see that now that's how we do this is
the hardest thing yet
ah
see this gets you sweating right sure
does